Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Gonna make a change
For once in my life
It's gonna feel real good
Gonna make a difference
Gonna make it right
As l turn up the collar
On my favorite winter coat
This wind is blowin' my mind
I see the kids in the street
With not enough to eat
Who am l to be blind?
Pretending not to see their need
A summer's disregard
A broken bottle top
And a one man's soul
They follow each other
On the wind, you know
'Cause they got nowhere to go
That's why I want you to know
I'm starting with the man in the mirror
I'm asking him to change his ways
And no message
Could have been any clearer
If you wanna make the world
A better place
Take a look at yourself
Then make a change
I'm starting with the man in the mirror
I'm asking him to change his ways
And no message
Could have been any clearer
If you wanna make the world
A better place
Take a look at yourself
Then make a change
I'm starting with the man in the mirror
Oh, yeah
I'm asking him to change his ways
Better change
No message Could have been any clearer
If you wanna make the world
A better place
Take a look at yourself
And then make the change
You gotta get it right
While you got the time
'Cause when you close your heart
You close your mind
That man, that man
That man
To the man in the mirror
If you wanna make the world
A better place
Take a look at yourself
Then make that
Change
-Gonna feel real good
-Oh, yeah
Yeah, yeah
Gonna make it good
It's gonna feel real good
-Come on
-Change
Just lift yourself
You know it
You've got to stop it yourself
Yeah
-Whoo!
-Make that change
Gonna make that change
Come on
-Man in the mirror
-You got to do it
You know it
-Make that change
-We're gonna make that change
Come on
Man in the mirror
You know it
-Ow!
-Michael!
Make that change
Man in the mirror
You know it
You do
Yeah, make that change
Man in the mirror
You know it
You do
Yeah, yeah
Make that change
Stand up for me, sister
-Stand up for me, brother
-Man in the mirror
You know it
You do
Ow!
Make that change
Man in the mirror
-Yeah, make that change
-We gotta make that change
-Come on
-Man in the mirror
You know it
You do
Change
Make that change.
On July 7, these five brothers
will begin their summer tour of one-nighters...
...at Madison Square Garden.
Yes, I'm The Real
Don Steele, and here's the Jackson 5.
I hope you caught these kids
on The Ed Sullivan Show last night.
From the fact-is-stranger-than-fiction department:
Michael Jackson
built a shrine to Elizabeth Taylor...
...in the bedroom of his Encino home.
Michael Jackson was
admitted with severe burns to his scalp...
...as far as we know.
Michael Jackson.
The Guinness Book of World Records
has listed Thriller...
...as the biggest-selling album of all time.
Michael Jackson has become
the first artist in the history of music...
...to generate six
number-one singles off one album.
The album, of course, is Bad.
What Michael Jackson has achieved...
...is a tribute to 20 years of hard work...
...energy, tireless dedication.
Your success
is an American dream come true.
We've been together
For such a long time
Now music
Music and me
Don't care whether
All our songs rhyme
Now music
Music and me
Oh, baby, give me one more chance
To show you that I love you
Won't you please let me
Back in your heart
Oh, ABC
-It's easy as
-1, 2, 3
-As simple as
-Do, re, mi
ABC, 1 , 2, 3
Baby, you and me, girl
Stop! The love you save may be your own
Darling, look both ways
Before you cross me
Headed for a danger zone
Slow down, slow down
I may be a little fella
But my heart is big as Texas
I have all the love a man can give
And maybe a little bit extra
When l
Had you
I treated you bad
And wrong, my dear
And, girl, since
Since you went away
Don't you know I
Sit around
With my head hangin' down?
And l wonder who's
Lovin you
Ben, the two of us need look no more
We both found what we were looking for
With a friend to call my own
I'll never be alone
And you, my friend, will see
You've got a friend in me
Dancing, dancing, dancing
She's a dancing machine
Don't blame it on the sunshine
Don't blame it on the moonlight
Don't blame it on the good times
Blame it on the boogie
Don't you blame it on the sunshine
Don't blame it on the moonlight
Don't blame it on the good times
Blame it on the boogie
- Let's dance, let's shout
- Shout
Shake your body down to the ground
-Let's dance, let's shout
- Shout
- And the winner is....
- "Beat It," Michael Jackson.
"Billie Jean," Michael Jackson.
Thriller. Quincy Jones and Michael Jackson.
I wanna rock with you
All night
-Dance you into day
- Sunlight
I wanna rock with you
All night
We're gonna rock the night away
Lovely
Is the feeling now
Fever
Temperature's rising now
Tell me, can you feel it?
Can you feel it?
- Can you feel it?
- Hey, yeah, yeah
Can you feel it?
All the children of the world should be
Lovin' each other wholeheartedly
Reaching out
I touch her shoulder
I'm dreaming of the street
If they say, "Why? Why?"
Tell 'em that is human nature
Why? Why? Does he do me that way?
Just beat it, beat it
No one wants to be defeated
Showin' how funky
And strong is your fight
It doesn't matter who's wrong or right
Just beat it, beat it
Beat it, beat it
-No one wants to be defeated
- Oh, no
Showin' how funky
And strong is your fight
'Cause this is thriller
Thriller night
And no one's gonna save you
From the beast about to strike
You know it's thriller
Thriller night
You're fighting for your life
Inside a killer
Thriller, ow!
She was more like a beauty queen
From a movie scene
l said, "Don't mind
But what do you mean, l am the one?"
Who will dance on the floor in the round
Gotta be mine
'Cause you're so fine
She looks so great
Every time I see her face
She put me in a state
A state of shock
We're doin' it
Come on, baby
We are the world
We are the children
Our children
We are the ones who make a brighter day
So let's start giving
There's a choice we're making
We're saving our own lives
It's true we'll make a better day
Just you and me
You knock me off of my feet now, baby
Whoo!
Ooh!
Oh!
The way you make me feel
You really turn me on
You knock me off my feet
My lonely days are gone
You'll never make me stay
So take your weight off of me
I know your every move
So won't you just let me be?
l've been here times before
But l was too blind to see
That you seduce every man
This time you won't seduce me
She's saying, "That's okay
Hey, baby, do as you please
I have the stuff that you want
I am the thing that you need"
She looked me deep in the eyes
She's touchin' me so to start
She says, "There's no turning back"
She's got me in her heart
Dirty Diana, no
Dirty Diana
Diana
So, what's up?
Your butt is mine
Gonna tell you right
Just show your face
In broad daylight
I'm tellin' you
On how l feel
Gonna hurt your mind
Don't shoot to kill
Come on
Come on, lay it on me
All right
Well, they say the sky's the limit
And to me that's really true
But, my friend, you have seen nothing
Just wait till l get through
Because l'm bad, l'm bad
- Come on
- Really, really bad
- You know I'm bad, I'm bad
And the whole world
Has to answer right now
-Just to tell you once again
- Who's bad
You know l'm bad, I'm bad
-Come on
- Really, really bad
You know l'm bad, I'm bad
-You know it, you know it
- Really, really bad
- You know, you know
And the whole world
Has to answer right now
Just to tell you once again
-You know l'm, ooh, l'm bad
-You know it
- Really, really bad
You know l'm bad, I'm bad
Really, really bad
- You know, you know
You know it, come on
- And the whole world
Has to answer right now
Just to tell you once again
You know l'm bad, I'm bad
-You know it
- Really, really bad
You know l'm bad, I'm bad
Really, really bad
-You know it
- Really, really bad
And the whole world
Has to answer right now
-Just to tell you once again
- Who's bad
- Who's bad?
-Who's bad? Who's bad?
-Who's bad?
- You're telling me
-You're doing wrong
- Gonna lock you up
-Gonna lock you up
-Before too long
-You're doing wrong
- You're doing wrong
-Watch your mouth, boy
-Watch it, man
-Your brother
- Ask your mother
-Your mother
Your sister
Ask me
You're doing wrong
-You're doing wrong
So that's the way it goes down, huh?
Good afternoon, and welcome to our studio tour.
I must ask you that no photos be taken...
...and please do not feed the performers.
Thank you.
-ls Bubbles in my trailer?
-Yes, sir.
What is he wearing?
He's wearing a Prince T-shirt
and red sneakers.
Prince T-shirt?
While on the tour, please do not startle the performers...
...as that jarring can disturb
their breeding habits. Ha, ha. Heh.
Little studio humor there.
Have you seen
any famous people, Timmy?
No, not yet, Grammy.
Can somebody get me
a banana-cream pie after lunch?
What if they're out?
- Can they make me one?
- Consider it done, MJ.
- What's with all the smoke?
- Movie stuff, sir.
Oh, look, Grammy, it's....
It's-- It's--
-Mantovani?
-No, Michael Jackson!
Michael Jackson?
Excuse me.
Land of the free.
Home of the weird.
Wonder if they caught him.
-Which way did they go?
- l don't know.
Look, Biff, there he is.
Hey, buddy, how about an autograph?
Would you autograph my tummy?
What's the matter, you got no pen?
Let's get him.
Come on, buddy,
just one little autograph.
Come on!
Hey.
Draw, you tin-horned, lily-livered,
side-winding snail!
You hairball! l'll never finish this movie!
Who let him in? lsn't anybody in charge?
Don't you know anything
about show business?
-l'm sorry.
-My producer is doing this to me, isn't he?
I ask for a bad guy
and he gives me Michael Jackson.
-l can't take it anymore! l quit!
Peckerwood, you're gonna
ruin my career. l'll show you bad.
I'm sorry. Ha, ha. l gotta go.
Let's get the varmint!
I love you, Michael!
There he goes.
l been waiting forever to get a shot
at this guy. He's tough to shoot.
-Hey, songbird!
- That's him.
I've had enough of seeing you on my set.
- l think he's in there.
- Wait a minute, let me get around.
I got my microphone.
I can hear him. I can hear him.
I hear him. l hear him in there.
lt's awful quiet in there.
Just hear him breathing.
The door's opening. Set your focus.
lt's just a stupid rabbit.
- We want Mike.
- lt's a stupid rabbit.
- Get out of the way, rabbit.
- Get out of there.
He must be hiding.
Come on out!
Look over there.
Look at that bunny.
Bag that bunny.
Oh! lt's him!
l'm headed for the border
It's on my mind
And nothing really matters
I got to be on time
Look in the view mirror
Is he hot on my tracks?
Is he getting nearer?
Yo.
I feel some heat is on my back
Speed demon
Speedin' on the freeway
Gotta get a leadway
Speed demon
Doin' it on the highway
Gotta have it my way
Speed demon
Mind is like a compass
I'm stoppin' at nothing
Speed demon
Pull over, boy, and get your ticket right
And nothin' gonna stop me
Ain't no stop and go
I'm speedin' on the midway
I gotta really burn this road
Speed demon
Speedin' on the freeway
Gotta get a leadway
Doin' it on the highway
Gotta have it my way
Mind is like a compass
I'm stoppin' at nothing
Pull over, boy, and get your ticket right
Speed demon
You're the very same one
Who said, "The future's in your hands
The life you save
Could be your own"
You preachin' 'bout my life
Like you're the law
Gonna live each day and hour
Like for me there's no tomorrow
Go!
Ow!
Speedin' on the freeway
Gotta get a leadway
Got fire in my pocket
I just lit a rocket
Just pull over, boy, and get your ticket right
Now pull over, boy, and get your ticket
Just pull over, boy, and eat your ticket
Pull over, boy, and get your ticket right.
Get your ticket right
Pull over, boy
And get your ticket right
Pull over, boy, and get your ticket
Eat your ticket
Get your ticket
Eat your, get your
Get your ticket right
Pull over, boy
And get your ticket right
Pull over, boy, and get your ticket
Eat your ticket
Get your ticket
Eat your, get your
Get your ticket right
Pull over, boy
And get your ticket right
Pull over, boy, and get your ticket
Eat your ticket
Get your ticket
Eat your, get your
Get your ticket right
Me and my friend Spike, we were just....
My friend, he was just....
Spike. He was just here--
I need your autograph right here.
I don't care what you talkin' 'bout, baby
I don't care what you think
Don't you come walkin'
Beggin' back, mama
I don't care anyway
Time after time l gave you
All of my money
No excuses to make
Ain't no mountain that I can't climb, baby
All is going my way
'Cause there's a time when you're right
And you know you must fight
Who's laughing, baby?
Don't you know?
And there's the choice that we make
And this choice you will take
Who's laughing, baby?
So just leave me alone
Leave me alone, leave me alone
Leave me alone
-Leave me alone
Stop it
Just stop doggin' me around
There was a time I used to say
"Girl, I need you"
But who is sorry now?
You really hurt
You used to take and deceive me
Now who is sorry now?
You got a way of making me
Feel so sorry
I found out right away
Don't you come walkin', beggin'
I ain't lovin' you
Don't you get in my way
'Cause there's a time when you're right
And you know you must fight
Who's laughing, baby?
Don't you know?
And there's the choice that we make
And this choice you will take
Who's laughing, baby?
So just leave me alone
Leave me alone, leave me alone
Leave me alone
-Leave me alone
Stop it
Just stop doggin' me around
There's a time when you're right
And you know you must fight
Who's laughing, baby?
Don't you know?
There's the choice that we make
And this choice you will take
Who's laughing, baby?
So just leave me alone
Leave me alone
Stop it
Just stop doggin' me
Leave me alone
-Leave me alone
Stop it
Just stop doggin' me around
Don't come beggin' me
Don't come beggin'
Don't come lovin' me
I love you
I don't want it
l don't, l don't, l don't, l
Don't come beggin' me
Don't come beggin'
Don't come lovin' me
- Hi, neighbor!
Hi, neighbor!
- Hi, pal.
What are you stopping for?
-That star over there.
-So what? Keep moving.
Maybe that's his lucky star.
-He needs one.
-Quit worrying, Katie. Come on.
- What a pal.
- You said it.
Hey, Zeke, over here.
Hey, let me see.
- Let's get out of here!
- Katie, come on!
Michael!
Katie, come on.
It's about time you threw it to me.
Oh, yeah?
Katie.
Wait.
Skipper, come back here.
Katie, let's go. Come on.
Hurry up. Come on.
-Michael, where'd he go?
-He went in the woods over here.
-Skipper!
Skipper!
Oh, my God. Look at this.
I don't like spiders.
Wait a minute.
-No, Michael.
-Katie.
Katie, it's okay.
You gotta be real quiet.
- Okay, let's see.
- Be real quiet, okay?
Europe, Asia.
I got Miami, l got New York.
I got cocaine, I got crack.
I got Los Angeles, l got San Francisco.
I got heroin, l got speed.
You guys gotta get the middle
of this country.
Get in the middle of the country.
Stop those kids from praying in school.
First, I want you to hang around
by playgrounds, hang out in schoolyards.
You gotta remember,
a younger customer...
...always turns into a loyal customer.
Remember that. Remember that!
He can't be doing that.
Every kid in this whole world
will take drugs because of me.
I want everybody to know. Everybody.
My name is gonna be in the history books.
They better spell my name right.
L-l-D-E-O. So simple.
Frankie Lideo. Very easy.
Bugs and drugs. Bugs and drugs.
Smooth operation, that's what l got.
Smooth operation.
What?
There! There! There!
That was good. That was just great.
Okay, let's sweep him up now. Come on.
Where is he?
-Michael.
-There! Come on, get him!
Kill him! Kill him! Move!
Let's see how cool he is now!
Now, let's go! Move it! Move it!
Different direction.
Split up. Split up, all of a sudden.
Cover everything.
Come on. Come on. Will you hurry up?
Precious little brat.
Michael!
Cover everything. Cover everything.
I want reports. l'm not
hearing anything back to me.
Block off the streets. Block them off.
Double back. Keep moving around,
you'll trap him that way.
Come on, move it, move it.
I'm not hearing any reports back here!
Don't let him get away.
Split up! Get your men all over!
Block off the streets. You'll get him.
Block off tunnels, he's a rat.
Have to trap a rat.
Trap a rat!
Shoot anything that moves!
What's that? Did you get him?
I heard gunfire. Did you get him?
I want tunnels blocked off. Trap him.
Circle everything.
Everything in circles!
Come on. He went right through this area.
Scour those buildings. Get him out.
We've got him somewhere around here.
He's gotta be here, he didn't get out.
Move! Move it!
Cover that side. All right! All right!
Bring in the artillery!
I want everybody here in this place.
Try out all the new hardware on him.
I want this one messy.
Turn him into a stain on the concrete!
And look for that little cockroach too.
She's around here somewhere.
Give me that.
There he is. Hold it. Hey. Hold it.
He's not going anywhere.
Now, there's no way out of there.
Don't screw it up.
Come on, let's go!
All right, come on! Come on!
What are you waiting for?
It's only one guy.
All right, come on. lt's a car, that's all it is.
Get out of the way!
What are you waiting for? Fire!
What the hell was that? What is it?
Get him! Go get him!
Get him! Come on, get him!
- Michael?
-Katie, are you okay?
-Michael got away.
-No way.
-He told us to meet him here, right?
-Yeah.
This place?
Nobody's been here for years.
It's kind of spooky.
Huh?
-What's wrong?
-Nothing.
I think maybe we came to the wrong place.
It says Club 30's.
Hey, you guys, something's coming.
- You scare everybody!
- Shut up.
- So, what did you see? Come on.
-This isn't good.
Hello, is anybody there? Hello?
Man, are you okay? Come on.
Tell us what you saw.
- Michael.
- So?
Ow!
As he came into the window
lt was the sound of a crescendo
He came into her apartment
He left the bloodstains on the carpet
She ran underneath the table
He could see she was unable
So she ran into the bedroom
She was struck down
It was her doom
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
Annie, are you okay?
Will you tell us that you're okay?
There's a sign in the window
That he struck you
A crescendo, Annie
He came into your apartment
Left the bloodstains on the carpet
Then you ran into the bedroom
You were struck down
It was your doom
- Come here.
- Wait a minute.
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie
You've been hit by
A smooth criminal
So they came into the outway
It was Sunday
What a black day
Every time I try to find him
He's leaving no clues left behind him
And they have no way of knowing
Of the suspect
Or what to expect
Mouth-to-mouth resuscitation
Sounding heartbeats
Intimidations
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
Come on. Come on.
Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
You've been hit by
A smooth criminal
Annie, are you okay?
Will you tell us that you're okay?
There's a sign in the window
That he struck you
A crescendo, Annie
He came into your apartment
Left the bloodstains on the carpet
And then you ran into the bedroom
You were struck down
It was your doom, Annie
Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
Tell us, Annie!
Annie, are you okay?
That's cool, huh?
- l taught him everything he knows.
- Oh, yeah, right. You show me.
Okay, sure. Hold this.
Annie, are you okay?
Will you tell us that you're okay?
There's a sign in the window
That he struck you
A crescendo, Annie
He came into your apartment
Left the bloodstains on the carpet
Then you ran into the bedroom
You were struck down
It was your doom, Annie
Annie, are you okay?
Will you tell us that you're okay?
There's a sign in the window
That he struck you
A crescendo, Annie
He came into your apartment
Left the bloodstains on the carpet
And then you ran into the bedroom
You were struck down
It was your doom, Annie
Annie, are you okay?
Will you tell us that you're okay?
There's a sign in the window
That he struck you
A crescendo, Annie
He came into your apartment
Left the bloodstains on the carpet
And then you ran into the bedroom
You were struck down
It was your doom, Annie
Annie, are you okay?
Will you tell us that you're okay?
There's a sign in the window
That he struck you
A crescendo, Annie
He came into your apartment
You were struck down
It was your doom, Annie
Annie, are you okay?
Will you tell us that you're okay?
There's a sign in the window
That he struck you
A crescendo, Annie
He came into your apartment
They got Katie, man.
They grabbed her and took her away.
-Why didn't you get me? I was in there.
- If we move too quick--
- Which way did they go?
-They went over here.
- Look! Look! Look!
- Don't touch it!
Oh, no. Wow.
- Michael, you gotta help her.
- What can he do?
You'll see what l can do.
You'll see.
Stay back. Stay back.
Is anybody up there?
Watch your step.
Peanuts?
Michael. Michael!
- How are we gonna get to him?
- Get him.
What are you doing?
I'm trying to get a lucky star for Michael.
Why don't we go get the cops instead?
- No!
-Katie!
-No!
-Shut up! Shut it!
- Michael, help.
- Shut up.
Stop crying. Get over here.
- Let her go.
-Shut up!
-Don't you talk to me! You shut up!
-Why are you doing this? Stop it!
You wanna know why
I'm doing this to you? You be quiet!
Stop it!
Michael. Michael.
Get out of here.
This isn't so smooth now, is it?
Brat, get out of here.
Where you going, brat? Little cockroach.
Michael!
-Kill her first!
- Michael.
-Shut up!
-Leave her alone!
Michael?
Amazing.
Fire!
Fire! Fire!
Bring on everything!
You men, get him!
Oh, no!
Where are you,
you tin-headed creep? Where are you?
Hold it, l got you.
Stay there, I have something for you.
Gotcha!
-Michael!
- Oh, no!
I got you! I got you, tin-head. l got you.
Okay, where's that cockroach brat?
Okay, kiddies, got you.
Hold it now. Hold it.
-Where's he going?
-He's leaving.
Goodbye, Michael.
- Goodbye.
-Thank you, Michael.
-Bye.
- It's all right, Kate.
Feels weird without him, huh?
He saved our lives.
I'm gonna miss him.
Me too.
I made this star
to remember Michael with.
His lucky star.
Yeah.
It's not his lucky star. It's gone.
It's not his lucky star. It's not.
I wish he would come back.
- Michael!
Michael!
-Michael?
- Michael. You're back.
-You came back.
- I missed you guys so much.
Michael!
We thought you were never
coming back. We missed you a lot.
Michael!
-Katie.
- You're back. You came back.
-Oh, Michael.
-l'm so happy to see you.
You know I had to come back, Sean.
Come on, let's go.
This is so exciting.
We're going back to the club?
- What's gonna be in here this time?
- You'll see, Zeke. You'll like this.
Everybody get ready.
-Ready?
-Yeah.
Great!
Where are we going?
- Stay together, you'll see.
- What's all this stuff?
Don't worry, l'm gonna show you
something special.
Keep going. Keep going.
What's that?
- I think l heard something.
- You didn't hear anything.
- You know something you're not telling.
- It's a surprise.
- Are there spiders?
- There are no spiders in here.
- I wanna see some rats.
- There are no rats in here.
- What's down there?
-Nothing. We're going ahead.
-lt's just a plug. It's just a plug.
- Yeah, you jumped back too.
Go around this way.
Mike, where have you been?
We have one minute. Let's go. Let's go.
Hey, kids, l think
I found a friend of yours.
- Skipper!
- Skipper.
-Skipper. Skipper.
-Hey, Skipper.
-Come on with me.
-Come on, Skipper.
Where you been, MJ?
Mike, this way.
Here come old flattop
He come groovin' up slowly
He's got joo-joo eyeball
He's one holy roller
He's got hair down to his knees
Got to be a joker
He just do what he please
He wear no shoeshine
He's got toe-jam football
He's got monkey finger
He shoot Coca-Cola
He say, "I know you, you know me"
One thing l can tell you
Is you got to be free
Come together, right now
Over me
He bag production
He's got walrus gumboot
He's got Ono sideboard
He one spinal cracker
He's got feet down to his knees
Hold you in his arms
Till you can feel his disease
Come together, right now
Over me
Ow, come together, baby
Come together, baby
Come together
Oh, yeah
He roller coaster
He's got early warning
He's got muddy water
He's one mojo filter
He say, "One and one and one is three"
Got to be good-looking
'Cause he's so hard to see
Come together, right now
Over me
Come together, baby
Yeah, baby
Yeah
Muddy water, baby
Said come together
Yeah
Just come together, yeah
Muddy water
Spinal cracker, baby
Mojo filter
Early warning
He's a sideboard
A walrus cracker
Come together, yeah
Come together
My mojo workin'
Together
You're a mojo filter
You're a mojo, baby
You're a spinal cracker
You're a mojo filter
You're an early warning
You're an evil sideboard
A spinal cracker
Come together
Together, baby
Come together, yeah
Mojo filter
Listen
He bag production
He's got walrus gumboot
He's got Ono sideboard
He one spinal cracker
Come together
Come together, baby
-Come and see, the moon
-The moon is walking
-The moon is shining
-Come and see
The moon is walking
The moon is shining
Come and see
The moon is dancing
-The moon is dancing
-Come and see
-The moon is walking
-The moon is shining
-This is a miracle
-Come and see
Come and see
The moon is dancing
-The moon, come and see
-The moon is dancing
Come and see
The moon is dancing
-The moon is dancing
-Come along, my brother
Come and see
-The moon is dancing
-Come along, my sister
Come and see
-The moon is dancing
-This is a miracle
Come and see
The moon is dancing
-The moon is dancing
-Come along, my brother
Come and see
-The moon is dancing
-Come along, my sister
-Come and see
-This is a miracle
The moon is dancing
Come and see
-The moon is dancing
-Come along, my brother
-Come and see
-The moon is dancing
-Come along, my sister
-Come and see
-The moon is dancing
-Come along, my brother
Come and see
The moon is dancing
As he came into the window
lt was the sound of a crescendo
He came into her apartment
He left the bloodstains on the carpet
She ran underneath the table
He could see she was unable
So she ran into the bedroom
She was struck down
It was her doom
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
Annie, are you okay?
Will you tell us that you're okay?
There's a sign in the window
That he struck you
A crescendo, Annie
He came into your apartment
Left the bloodstains on the carpet
And then you ran into the bedroom
You were struck down
It was your doom
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
You've been hit by
A smooth criminal
So they came into the outway
It was Sunday
What a black day
Mouth-to-mouth resuscitation
Sounding heartbeats
Intimidations
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie?
Annie, are you okay?
Will you tell us that you're okay?
There's a sign in the window
That he struck you
A crescendo, Annie
He came into your apartment
Left the bloodstains on the carpet
And then you ran into the bedroom
You were struck down
It was your doom
Annie, are you okay?
So, Annie, are you okay?
Are you okay, Annie
You've been hit by
You've been struck by
A smooth criminal
Okay, l want everybody
to clear the area right now!
Annie, are you okay?
Will you tell us that you're okay?
There's a sign in the window
That he struck you
A crescendo, Annie
He came into your apartment
Left the bloodstains on the carpet
And then you ran into the bedroom
You were struck down
It was your doom, Annie
Annie, are you okay?
Will you tell us that you're okay?
There's a sign in the window
That he struck you
A crescendo, Annie
He came into your apartment
Left the bloodstains on the carpet
And then you ran into the bedroom
You were struck down
It was your doom, Annie
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org